so what's really interesting about China
is the fan culture here or all the
different prose and all the different
teams there's almost like a rock star
status or especially the popular ones
work there you have a lot of fans and
they form in these little groups and
clubs and they make all sorts of
interesting things so the other day in
the hotel there is a camp tech group of
SKT fence this is super super happy to
support SKT they are staying here etc
and we came around the corner and there
were all these different packs and it
turns out that these are bags that they
actually make for other fans so that
they can cheer them on they were nice
enough to give me and I produce your
bags so we're gonna take a look inside
of mine to sort of take a get an idea of
what these things are and what kind of
stuff they make in order you can tell
the bag has SKT bang stadium on it no I
don't know if the other bags had
different names on them maybe this is a
pod like SKT bag has kitty bang I don't
know but let's take a look okay now we
have a smaller bag and that says SKT
Unni
and let's see what's in here
the first up we have a cheer sign a
great image of him looking very happy I
don't know what is on his face this
little band-aid I don't know if he's
been punched or something or abused but
there you go next up we have a sign says
hooning and then there's a lot of stuff
in the language I don't really
understand we have a laminate of hooni
this is like a Valentine's Day situation
here right now like it just looks very
cute I don't know if I've ever seen
hooni really spit out hearts from his
mouth but evidently that's what he's
doing here either way there's a hole
here in the top I don't know if you can
see this but maybe you hang this from
something I'm not sure all right next up
we have some whoo nice stickers
okay so here we've got hooni as Pikachu
this is honey as a cat the sunni eating
a hamburger is very excite about this
and this is Kuni with the bear in love
I'm not sure then we've got this is
especially for you I'm going to try to
open this was it a tree like a trading
card
oh there's several of them holy moly
okay well oh this is an Instagram post
which is funny because Instagram was but
again if SUNY is a cat and he's freaking
out there's some food around how many
students the expression oh this is legal
oh these are like phone screens okay I
understand so you're looking at the
Instagram picture it's like a screenshot
of him on his phone
I guess cuz you can kind of see lip balm
stuff down there there's most Phyllis
fan bag ever gonna get through all this
okay this is a plants vs. zombies
edition it's like we as I could to
understand what I was looking at with
this little C pod people pod thing but
very interesting stuff next we got blink
blink does not have he only has a
sticker on his back he doesn't have it
actually like created back so
unfortunately and I believe we're gonna
see a lot of the same stuff so we'll
speed through this a little bit gray so
we got blank and he is the devil you've
decided as cute as who he was we have to
say that blank is evil and I don't I
don't really know why I am coming this
blank just so you know he's on his way
this is interesting these look like some
pictures these are Kodak at the Sun
Kodak digital paper so they're just
printed out pictures of Blake a blank so
just in case you wanted something to fit
in your frame at home you know or you
know replace pictures of your son or
your daughter these are some wonderful
pictures that are just the right size to
do that alright so we've got again we
got the Instagram blank picture he's
eating some sort of yogurt or frozen
desert air and it's a little surprised
to be in less Instagram
here he is just sort of flying like a
bunny and he's got little bunny
emoticons around him I'm not sure what's
going on there
these are some leaves a lot of foilage
we've got going on around him okay next
up on the list this is the biggest bag
unsurprisingly
Baker okay so Baker Oh Baker is very
evil looking in this picture I know
what's going on here but he's a very
angry
here is the cheer sign for Baker I feel
like they're getting bigger as we go
there's two I see this one Baker is
gender bend cosplaying Arie I guess so
there you go are you signature
championship Baker okay this looks like
oh my gosh okay this is actually pretty
cool this is a mousepad I don't know
what's going on here everyone but uh yep
very happy I've never seen Baker this
cut you know so many times that he has
never shown this type of expression so I
can't say that it's very realistic but
uh okay we have more of these here's
Baker is a cat
this is him with some feathers around
him Baker sticker holding a trophy on
this is kind of cool actually this is a
speaker's signature we've got his
signature and then like turned it into a
little sticker you know if you don't get
a bigger signature you can just sign it
yourself with the sticker this is a
faker keychain this says it's a hand
mirror happy smile hand near oh I see it
is literally a hammer so you've got
Baker on one side he's holding a he's
been turned into a bunny and this he's
holding a carrot and it's like a bet but
on the other side and there you guys can
see my producer here is I believe this
to be like a phoned again like we've
decided faker is nothing but a cat and a
bunny so this is a good little phone
charm
and then these are big Baker postcards
you know so if you want to write to a
friend and you would like them to have a
picture of Baker Baker and postcode
these are for you
and one of the fun things is on the back
you've got secret agent Baker of Baker
signature as well and then finally we
have a baker oh these are the these are
the pictures and poster these are as a
faker sticker set these are again
different iterations of faker from
alternate universes where he is a cat
person with cat paws a secret agent a
watermelon boy again just different
different iterations with Baker all
right so reading into this bag I was a
little worried because I've realized
something interesting we have another
bang make sure our like hand hold thing
a SKT t1 bang cheerful and here's
another one here's another pack of
stickers and interesting stuff but yeah
I'll put the Sun you know because
they're beautiful
but there's no you're so evolved for
peanut so well from peanut fans I'm
sorry I have nothing for you just more
bang stuff at Network it's over so if
you are both of peanut fan I'm sorry I
don't have anything for you I will
investigate the matter but it appears
that them was actually created for them
so thanks anyway thanks for watching
this unboxing of all the flavor of hands
off there's way too much I don't even
there might be stuff missing from this
video because it will not we just so
many random things but if you like any
of this I don't know what to tell you
because you can't purchase it everyone
I'm having a blast in China but there's
some bad news I actually do not have a
return ticket because mobile dicks sent
me over here and they said unless a
bunch of people sign up at mobile it's
out GG / Travis and enter the giveaway
they're not bringing me back to the
states so if you'd like to see me and
spring split next year please please be
sure to check them out